(docs): Add lakeFS-spec and lakeFS-SDK transaction differences (#252)
aai-institute/lakefs-spec: docs/guides/transactions.md

A transaction is basically a context manager that collects all file uploads, defers them, and executes the uploads on completion of the transaction.
They are an "all or nothing" proposition: If an error occurs during the transaction, none of the queued files are uploaded.

!!! info
    The transactions in lakeFS-spec are different from the transactions in the [high-level lakeFS SDK](https://docs.lakefs.io/integrations/python.html#transactions), which were added in v0.2.0. 
    **High-level lakeFS SDK** transactions create an ephemeral branch, perform the operations in the context block on that ephemeral branch and, upon exiting the context manager, merge it back into the source branch.

>     **lakeFS-spec** transactions collect the actions and perform them one by one directly on the source branch once the context manager is exited. This allows for a more fine-grained control over the versioning operations performed. For example, multiple commits can be performed as part of a single transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **lakeFS-spec** transactions collect the versioning operations and perform them one by one directly on the source branch once the context manager is exited. This allows for a more fine-grained control over the applied versioning operations. For example, multiple commits can be created as part of a single transaction in lakeFS-spec.
```

(Unless you are doing a performance at your desk during those commits.)

They are an "all or nothing" proposition: If an error occurs during the transaction, none of the queued files are uploaded.
For more information on fsspec transactions, see the official [documentation](https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/features.html#transactions).

> !!! info

Reviewer 2: The placement of this callout is a bit (visually) unfortunate, IMO, since it separates the last sentence of the introduction from the rest, creating a sort-of [orphan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widows_and_orphans).

Instead of a list inside the callout, I would simply have two sentences (maybe with `* *` emphasis on the package names).

In case you want to keep the list, please include a blank link before the first list item, otherwise the list does not render correctly in Mkdocs.

>     The transactions in `lakeFS-spec` are different from the transactions in the [lakeFS-SDK](https://docs.lakefs.io/integrations/python.html#transactions), which were added in `v0.2.0`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The transactions in `lakeFS-spec` are different from the transactions in the [High-level lakeFS SDK](https://docs.lakefs.io/integrations/python.html#transactions), which were added in `v0.2.0`. 
```

(This makes it more clear that the transactions are from the `lakefs` package, and not from the `lakefs_sdk`.)

Reviewer 2: Agree with @nicholasjng's suggestion, I would just spell it as "high-level SDK" (lowercase).

Also, no backticks around lakeFS-spec and the release version for consistency.

>     - `lakeFS-SDK` transactions create an ephemeral branch, perform the operations in the context block on this branch and, upon exiting the context manager, merge it back into the source branch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - High-level `lakefs` SDK transactions create an ephemeral branch, perform the operations in the context block on that ephemeral branch and, upon exiting the context, merge it back into the source branch. 
```

Reviewer 2: I would leave out the backticks (as mentioned above).

>     - `lakeFS-spec` transactions collect the actions and perform them one by one directly on the source branch once the context manager is exited. This allows, for example, multiple commits per transaction.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `lakeFS-spec` transactions collect the actions and perform them one by one directly on the source branch once the context manager is exited. This allows more flexible operations, for example, creating multiple commits per transaction.
```

Reviewer 2: As above, no backticks.

>     - `lakeFS-spec` transactions collect the actions and perform them one by one directly on the source branch once the context manager is exited. This allows, for example, multiple commits per transaction.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `lakeFS-spec` transactions collect the actions and perform them one by one directly on the source branch once the context manager is exited. This allows for a more fine-grained control over the versioning operations performed. For example, multiple commits can be performed as part of a single transaction.
```
